h1. cache advance

CacheAdvance is a wrapper around the Rails caching system that provides a simple, centralized
configuration file for defining caches and an even simpler way to apply them.

Written by "Aubrey Holland":mailto:aubreyholland@gmail.com.

h3. download

Github: "Page":http://github.com/aub/cache_advance/tree/master

Gem: <pre>gem install aub-cache_advance --source http://gems.github.com</pre>

Note: if you install using the gem from Github, you'll need this
in your environment.rb if you want to use Rails 2.1's dependency manager:

<pre><code>
config.gem 'aub-cache_advance', :lib => 'cache_advance', :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
</code></pre>

h3. cache definition

Caches are defined in the file config/caches.rb, which will be loaded automatically by the gem.
This file is similar in format to the rails routes config file, allowing you to specify named
caches and configure their keys and how they will be expired.

<pre><code>
CacheAdvance::Caches.define_caches do |config|

  config.qualifier(:params) do |request|
    request.params
  end

  config.plugin :template_handler_observer_cache_plugin

  config.content_block :expiration_time => 10.minutes, :qualifiers => [ :subdomain, :params ]

  config.change_towns_all :expiration_types => [ :publication ]
  config.change_towns_limited :expiration_types => [ :publication ]

  config.publication_twitter_update :expiration_time => 10.minutes, :qualifiers => [ :subdomain ]

  config.weather_widget :expiration_time => 10.minutes, :qualifiers => [ :subdomain ]
end
</code></pre>

..............More later.
